---
title: mojo v2
categories: projects
---
# Mojobot v2 
so, i had to rewrite `mojo`. there's a couple reasons here, the big ones are:
- slack came out with a new api a bit before i finished writing v1. they wanted to eventually deprecate v1, though that seems to be a bit of a pipe dream!
- v1 of the api has some limitations vs v2
- when i moved `mojo`'s running install to a brand new server it pulled the latest version of the pythogn `slackclient` package without me realizing it (because i didn't pin a version in the pipfile) and I thought slack ALREADY deprecated v1. lmao.

i'm gonna bitch about how annoying the move to v2 was, how frustrating i find working entirely through decorators (and i hope people will point out ways in which i'm doing something _stupid_ or misunderstanding or whatever, because its been REAL frustrating), that sort of shit.

## at a glance
v2 had to split out the dual functionality of v1 into two different containers; mojo-web and mojo-rtm. these use two different slack api engines in order to accomplish their goals:

- `rtm` stands for real time messaging, and allows `mojo` to react to slack messages as they get sent.
- `web` is a what-you'd-expect library that allows `mojo` to send messages to the slack service. 

This functionality had to be split because of the way the `rtmclient` runs now:
`@slack.RTMClient.run_on(event='message')`

this decorates a function, and then `RTM_CLIENT.start()` loops. somehow. I don't know how this part works.

## decorators
so, what i know of decorators: almost nothing. i know that a decorator modifies the function it decorates. i don't understand how calling `RTM_CLIENT.start()` ends up looping over a...`thing`? that modifies a function. its weird.

it feels like moving from the explicit declarations of v1 to hiding what's actually happening in v2 is a blatant step back in readability. maybe that's not true once i have a better understanding of decorators.
